Add NBSphinx support for dark theme (#741)
pydata/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/demo/pydata.md

file_format: mystnb
kernelspec:
  name: python3
  display_name: Python 3
---

> % To convert this to an ipynb file for testing with nbsphinx, run this command:
> % jupytext docs/demo/pydata.md --to ipynb
> %
> % And _temporarily_ delete the pydata.md file

Author: ```suggestion
% To test this file with nbsphinx we need to convert to ipynb. To do this:
% - Run this command: jupytext docs/demo/pydata.md --to ipynb
% - *Temporarily* delete the pydata.md file
% - Uncomment `nbsphinx` and comment `myst_nb` in "extensions" in our conf.py file
% - Build the docs and test that the results look OK
% - Undo everything in this list to make sure we revert back to the old structure
% - 
```
